README.md, before:

# 🛡️ Phishing Link Detection System

![Made with Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-blue?style=flat-square&logo=python)
![Made with React](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react)
![Machine Learning](https://img.shields.io/badge/ML-RandomForest-orange?style=flat-square&logo=scikit-learn)

A web-based application that uses **Machine Learning** and **URL feature extraction** to classify whether a given link is **legitimate or phishing**. Built using a **Flask backend**, a **React.js frontend**, and trained with models like **Random Forest**.

---

## 📸 Demo

### 🔍 User enters a URL

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/abc1234.png" alt="Enter URL Screenshot" width="600"/>

### ✅ Legitimate Link Detected

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/xyz5678.png" alt="Legitimate Output Screenshot" width="600"/>

### ⚠️ Phishing Link Detected

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/fake123.png" alt="Phishing Output Screenshot" width="600"/>

---

## 🚀 Features

- 🔐 Real-time phishing link detection
- 📦 ML model using `RandomForestClassifier`
- 🌐 Clean, modern web interface with React
- ✅ URL feature extraction (HTTPS, domain, keywords, etc.)
- 🔄 Flask REST API for predictions

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

| Frontend | Backend | Machine Learning | API |
|----------|---------|------------------|-----|
| React.js | Flask   | Scikit-learn     | Axios |

---

## 📁 Folder Structure

Commit message:

Fixed submodule issue, re-added frontend and demo screenshots

README.md, after:

# 🛡️ Phishing Link Detection System

![Made with Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-blue?style=flat-square&logo=python)
![Made with React](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react)
![Machine Learning](https://img.shields.io/badge/ML-RandomForest-orange?style=flat-square&logo=scikit-learn)

A web-based application that uses **Machine Learning** and **URL feature extraction** to classify whether a given link is **legitimate or phishing**. Built using a **Flask backend**, a **React.js frontend**, and trained with models like **Random Forest**.

---

## 📸 Demo

## 💻 Demo

Here are some screenshots showing the working of the Phishing Link Detector web application:

### 🏠 Homepage
![Homepage](frontend/public/images/screenshot-home.png)

### ✅ Legitimate URL
![Legitimate](frontend/public/images/screenshot-legit.png)

### ⚠️ Phishing URL Detected
![Phishing](frontend/public/images/screenshot-phishing.png)

---

## 🚀 Features

- 🔐 Real-time phishing link detection
- 📦 ML model using `RandomForestClassifier`
- 🌐 Clean, modern web interface with React
- ✅ URL feature extraction (HTTPS, domain, keywords, etc.)
- 🔄 Flask REST API for predictions

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

| Frontend | Backend | Machine Learning | API |
|----------|---------|------------------|-----|
| React.js | Flask   | Scikit-learn     | Axios |

---

## 📁 Folder Structure
